DRAFT of mdx file discussing Physically Based Rendering (#63)
johko/computer-vision-course: course/4 Computer Vision in the Wild/4.2 Synthetic Data Creation/README.md

> # Introduction

Reviewer: You don't have to do 4.2 and so on when giving titles to chapters.

Author: My understanding is that course folder is being deleted.

Reviewer: Yes, you can carry this to `chapters/en/Unit 4 - Computer Vision in the Wild/Synthetic Data Creation/PBR.mdx` we just removed the course folder :)

## What is Synthetic Data?

> Synthetic data is artificially generated on a computer to augment or replace real data to improve AI models, protect sensitive data, and mitigate bias. Ideally, the synthetic data should have the same statistical properties as the real-world data it is supplementing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synthetic data is artificially generated on a computer to augment or replace real data to improve AI models, protect sensitive data, and mitigate bias. Ideally, the synthetic data should have the same statistical properties as the real-world data it supplements.
```

## Why Would You Use Synthetic Data?

> - Ethics/privacy issues(faces)/regulatory constraints

Reviewer: Maybe add a small one sentence explanation in each instead

- Lack of availability of data (medical images, less common traffic signs, emergency vehicles, endangered animals)
- Expense/practicality of annotating real life data/time constraints

## Approaches to Generating Synthetic Data

> - CAD & Blender : allows to create photorealistic image datasets of 3d scenes while controlling parameters. Allows to compute metrics by comparing to the ground truth (generation parameters). Very robust method but limited in generation quality/diversity/quantity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CAD & Blender: allows creation of photorealistic image datasets of 3d scenes while controlling parameters. It enables computing metrics by comparing the synthesized data to the ground truth (generation parameters). It is a very robust method but limited in generation quality, diversity and quantity.
```

Reviewer: I fixed these in previous PR #60 maybe you can either reflect those changes or not include these files in this PR.

Author: Another team member is writing the intro.  I believe he is going to expand upon my simple outline.
